this is the new Elvis's back on a
two-hour pee vinyl from from the follow
that dream collectors club for me it's
the best version of the album
that's ever been released because it's
all mostly outtakes and they so sweet
such a noise are you lonesome tonight
it's now or never take one and so on so
lovely piano were thriller we all love
stuck on you the classic blues
reconsider baby beautiful Soulja Boy
mess of the blues girl and my best
friend everybody knows that one fame and
fortune bluesy like a baby with a lovely
intro it just goes on and on and on
fever classic Peggy Lee number speeded
up a little boy Elvis on that one lovely
beautiful take of are you lonesome
tonight and on and on it's now or never
adapted from the Italian the old solo
mio it's just great it's got new artwork
as you can see and for me is the best
version available
nobody gatefold interesting and
informative text tells you all about it
lovely pictures inside
it's absolutely wonderful so that is
follow that dreams our wishes back then
I'll give that a solid ten out of ten